<div id='line_detector2-autogenerated' markdown='1'>


<!-- do not edit this file, autogenerated -->

## Package information 

[Link to package on Github](github:org=duckietown,repo=Software,path=10-lane-control/line_detector2,branch=andrea-config)

### Essentials {nonumber="1"}

No authors specified.

Maintainer: [Andrea Censi](mailto:acensi@idsc.mavt.ethz.ch)

TODO: add code to generate depedendency list.

TODO: add code to generate a link to a Github issue table for this package.

TODO: add code to show unit tests build indicator.

### Descriptions {nonumber="1"}

TODO: Add a description of package `line_detector2` in `package.xml`.



</div>

<!-- file start -->

<div id='line_detector2-line_detector_node2-autogenerated' markdown='1'>


<!-- do not edit this file, autogenerated -->

(Generated from [configuration `line_detector_node2.easy_node.yaml`](github:org=duckietown,repo=Software,path=line_detector_node2.easy_node.yaml,branch=andrea-config).)

This is a rewriting of `line_detector_node` using the [EasyNode](#easy_node) framework.

### Parameters {nonumber="1"}

**Parameter `top_cutoff`**: `int`

This parameter decides how much of the image we should cut off.
This is a performance improvement.

**Parameter `detector`**: not known

This parameter defines the line detector instantiation. It consists of an
array of two elements, where the first is a classname or function,
and the second is a dictionary of parameters to pass to the function.

**Parameter `img_size`**: not known

TODO: Missing description for entry "`img_size`".

**Parameter `verbose`**: `bool`; default value: `True`

Whether the node is verbose or not. If set to `True`,
the node will write timing statistics to the log.

### Subscriptions {nonumber="1"}

**Subscription `switch`**: topic `~switch` (`BoolStamped`)

This is a switch that allows to control the activity of this node.
If the message is true, the node becomes active. If false, it
switches off. The node starts as active.

**Subscription `image`**: topic `~image` (`CompressedImage`)

This is the compressed image to read. Note that it takes
a long time to simply decode the image JPG.

Note: The data is processed *asynchronously* in a different thread.

**Subscription `transform`**: topic `~transform` (`AntiInstagramTransform`)

The anti-instagram transform to apply.  See [](#anti_instagram).

### Publishers {nonumber="1"}

**Publisher `color_segment`**: topic `~colorSegment` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "`color_segment`".

**Publisher `edge`**: topic `~edge` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "`edge`".

**Publisher `segment_list`**: topic `~segment_list` (`SegmentList`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "`segment_list`".

**Publisher `image_with_lines`**: topic `~image_with_lines` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "`image_with_lines`".



</div>