<div id='line_detector2-line_detector_node2-autogenerated' markdown='1'>


<!-- do not edit this file, autogenerated -->

### Parameters 

**Parameter `top_cutoff`**: `int`; default value: `None`

This parameter decides how much of the image we should cut off. This is a performance improvement.

**Parameter `detector`**: not known

This parameter defines the line detector instantiation. It consists of an array of two elements, where the first is a classname or function, and the second is a dictionary of parameters to pass to the function.

**Parameter `img_size`**: not known

TODO: Missing description for entry "img_size".

**Parameter `verbose`**: `bool`; default value: `True`

Whether the node is verbose or not. If set to `True`, the node will write timing statistics to the log.

### Subscriptions 

**Subscription `switch`**: topic `~switch` (`BoolStamped`)

This is a switch that allows to control the activity of this node.
If the message is true, the node becomes active. If false, it switches off. The node starts as active.

**Subscription `image`**: topic `~image` (`CompressedImage`)

This is the compressed image to read. Note that it takes
a long time to simply decode the image JPG.

Note: The data is processed *asynchronously* in a different thread.

**Subscription `transform`**: topic `~transform` (`AntiInstagramTransform`)

The anti-instagram transform to apply.  See [](#anti_instagram).

### Published topics

**Publisher `color_segment`**: topic `~colorSegment` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "color_segment".

**Publisher `edge`**: topic `~edge` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "edge".

**Publisher `segment_list`**: topic `~segment_list` (`SegmentList`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "segment_list".

**Publisher `image_with_lines`**: topic `~image_with_lines` (`Image`)

TODO: Missing description for entry "image_with_lines".



</div>
<style>
.box {
    display: block;
}
.box + .box {
 margin-top: 2em;
}
</style>

    